In a recent project I worked on, I had the opportunity to collaborate with the marketing analytics team of my organization. Our task was to explore different mediums for promoting our business and devise an effective marketing strategy. One aspect we focused on was social media, particularly LinkedIn, which is widely used by professionals.
To start off, we were given the responsibility of analyzing data on social media habits among the general public in the United States. The objective was to develop a predictive model that could estimate whether an individual is likely to use LinkedIn based on their personal attributes and demographics. This model would serve as a valuable tool for the marketing team to evaluate potential platforms and target specific customer segments for their campaigns.\
\
The project was divided into two main parts. First, we had to process and clean the data, ensuring its accuracy and reliability. Afterward, we conducted a thorough analysis to identify patterns and correlations between social media usage and individual characteristics. Using this information, we constructed a supervised classification model, which would predict whether someone uses LinkedIn based on their attributes and demographics.\
\
The second part of the project involved deploying our model to Streamlit, a platform that allows for interactive and real-time data visualization. By hosting our application on Streamlit's cloud server through GitHub, we made it publicly accessible and easy to share with our colleagues. This way, they could explore and interact with the model, gaining valuable insights into social media habits and the potential impact on our marketing campaigns.\
\
The final deliverable was an interactive and publicly hosted application that utilized machine learning techniques to provide real-time predictions about an individual's likelihood of using LinkedIn. The marketing team could now leverage this tool to make informed decisions about their marketing strategies and identify the most promising platforms and customer segments to target.\
\
Overall, this project allowed us to delve into the world of marketing analytics, analyzing social media habits and building a predictive model to support marketing decision-making. It showcased the power of data-driven insights and machine learning in driving successful marketing campaigns.}
